I see somebody's spamming fine blue
she's not even in the same state
this isn't good a school anymore bye
Natalie got her parents that want guess
if I found her but maybe I will
75,000 people go to this school so most
most people will go to any school in the
u.s. I think so finding Natalie would be
harder here than any other school
someone said no in all caps
I think it's Q hey hey what's up I'm
chillin man I just wanted to
I heard school started I want to see
what's going on please your friends okay
[Music]
what's your name
I'm Holden Holden Oh like Castro in
there right yeah I don't really meet a
lot of people other than streams
I mean it's other people people who
aren't stream sniffing who i watch
twitch maybe they all stay home or maybe
they don't really exist
do you guys exist it extreme snipers
that don't like it you know if I talk to
random people they don't know what
twitch isn't ever they always know that
was watch YouTube dude
let's see excuse me do you know what
twitches you know what YouTube is okay
never lucky
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh that's reading all right
oh here I said i sat with Jenna here
catching some Pokemon you guys remember
I mean like right now you can get to
listening
wait she's a ukulele or something we're
going in okay all right
okay I'm ready oh really
[Music]
Pokemon
haha you have another Sunday morning
okay I'll get a better angle
[Music]
so crazy
back someday
back
and maybe
[Music]
your phone
swear
[Music]
people are showing up
you got fans okay they all want your
Instagram oh god they can't smell that
okay I'll find that thanks for fine for
us
yeah no problem thank you so much yeah
my friends didn't like it
oh what's up bitch is you I'm Justin I
just want to say hi that's it yeah
thanks later dude don't you just hate
when snipers stickering yeah Jesus just
go home all right let's go come on hold
it I don't look that much older than you
actually right yeah
a few fear you a few years by the head
on there we go
the same age 100%
I'll turn the glass I'm young wait I'm
old
it could be my son look son we gotta get
you ready for school okay
I don't want any kids making funny on
the first day you're gonna pay for them
all on my books to the $500 yeah
son I know the book prices are getting
expensive but what I'm really worried
about I want the kids making fun of the
first day what the hell are these what
the hell are these son you can't be
wearing those
Oh burn whoa almost dead
it's a shaved mod me not you yeah I
saved your life my life yeah I think
that's worth Ahmad what's your name
Holden my D my D yeah dude wait check
his locks Jett check the logs chat I'm
walking and I'm clean
he's a leech what would I be leeching oh
hell yeah I got this smoothie oh yeah
exactly what I was going for
mmm I'm rich oh the leech get all the
smoothie three hey I'm trying to click
your link oh and the Megan girls asking
when I'm up to she actually goes to the
school posted some chat or your mother
will die in her sleep tonight that was
not relevant chat
wait I have to post it okay
good thing I posted it okay we're good
hey man you look cool how'd you come
across this this style I kind of just
fell into it by taking half of my dad's
closet and then and I just use that as
inspiration and then my dad's old photo
how old is your dad okay
that thing says no I found this in the
third store this was forever 21 this is
what American Apparel of going bankrupt
with either his shoes so he's got okay
cool Thanks I like it
someone said where's Megan I forgot oh
she said she loves the street we're on
and that my followers are crazy
oh is this in chat to die instantly
some kind of spamming it and it feels
good man after what was that oh wait do
I want to live in here looks nice it
does look nice actually take a fucking a
supervillains tower you've lived with
another roommate hey can I could just
get one for myself there right I guess
if you want to pay like $4,000 and yeah
but I think it comes with like food and
board or something okay food huh wait
maybe that's a good way I can eat cuz
right now I eat canned beans I should
live here I'm gonna ask hey
stomach food you said something about
food food whatever I want this is the
spot all the time well it's like dinner
is from what everyone who lives there is
like like that college girl
yeah wait this is the best play that's
heavy Natalie oh man it looks very
different when they set it up for the
pies that's why I was sitting right
there
she's like Steve Chinese food
show me that date on your phone
no Natalie still no Natalie you got we
miss you Natalie
all right
worse
where did the people get stabbed by
where we walked by the gym
did you guys hear that story and said
there was a student came into school one
day and he seemed like a completely
normal guy but he okay so really yeah I
heard this very differently he was like
a same age like 19 20 no I think he was
like 26 or something hey now you know
Google this
I heard that complete it for me I feel
like you would know better cuz you go to
school I should know better okay so the
point is guy walks in the school goes up
to a bench right there a bunch of kids
sitting there showing and he just pulls
a knife out and starts stabbing them and
the first guy who got stabbed the other
kids thought it was a prank or something
and that it was like a play knife and
that they were that they were like
friends and trolling and then he stabbed
another person then they realize it was
a real thing happening just imagine how
ridiculous that be to be sitting there I
know how many people he stabbed totally
safe yeah I told you huh wait now I'm
questioning every other story you told
me because that one was wrong and that
one you should have known for sure it
was him to see that sign earlier today
that said kill your idols
you'd come to the freshman welcome
Latino event
who's that unity freshman welcome of it
are you trying to get me to go there
what are you trying to get me to go you
can go wherever you want your stream man
Byron
[Music]
in master mode another trip now another
one
hey guys we're trying to support local
business over here we have a question
for you what used to be here
nobody cares no cuz usually if someone
starts with their science report like
something like that and asking for money
you know
thanks addiction sponsor oh you guys are
saying a lot of see a lot of girls they
like dude I may be I'm type of pride
today I don't even notice any girls I
just aced out so chad hasn't had sex in
a year that's why wait only one year
that guy was trying to insult you guys
saying you hadn't had sex in here that's
a compliment
huh giving you guys a lot of credit okay
wait wait nice and can't even see I need
everything in there with the french
fries oh oh wait Jesus hold on a picture
okay wait wait wait wait wait oh wait
wait wait right there hold on oh let me
get this angle dark
it's coming apart okay we good oh it
looks pretty good
it could look better how the best
picture ever taken wait let's do on the
bus oh here there's
try to figure out how to sit up
Oh Megan
yeah I almost fell spilled my drink a
little bit if the bus driver just keeps
leaks lit and slamming on the brakes
you're a real citizen riding the bus
it doesn't answer
oh let's see where we are did I
recognize where we are
wait this is second you want to go all
the fuss is an exit here though we want
to get up here how do I get up put a
pitch elastics until the bridge
so you can press a button what
this is a button
I should press it then right try
pressing yellow Oh buddy I'd like an
emergency
Oh somebody else Preston I went too far
reflected like oh thanks
all right we did it
no sorry hi chief yeah fuck this I don't
want this sandwich down line Oh
this bag sucks
wait it's not in a bag it's just in that
wrapper I forgot man see this is why
I've never taken food home can't have to
throw it away we were gonna give it to a
homeless guy you would still want to eat
it we can't even find a homeless guy buy
food I held that all through the bus
ride and couldn't do anything because
both my hands were full and it spilled
mayonnaise all over myself just to throw
it in the trash get in the end
god damn it Oh people are saying I
should leave we should leave it right
next to the trash can
I'm not turning in the chase yeah that
would have been smart actually
yeah babysitting maybe the homeless guy
would use it then wait somebody to check
out the sandwich that's the biggest roll
ever tweet me you're sitting you eating
the sandwich next a trash can I will
retweet it hey it worked oh so mister
this guy
that's broke what's the thing on there
people have some things strapped near
their shoulder it's just for music they
can't just put it in their pocket like
bounces and you're keeping it in the
ears so like the cord is short it's just
annoying even if you have a bluetooth
headphones would it be annoying that the
phone's bouncing in your pocket I've
never I think let's see I'm jumping I
run in these shorts way that's another
mistake these restrict my movement
hey hold on hold this well there he goes
I don't know watch this
we
oh I could do that in these churches I
was flexible I know some weird autistic
shit that doesn't help in any way some
of my viewers actually haven't seen this
stuff in a long time we can put the
glasses on okay ready for ya okay okay
I'm gonna keep pressing this button how
about I'll miss the button
okay ready eight I'll never I'll never
say it
quartz on I'll say it before it's on
everything 1632
64 128 256 512 1024 2048 4096 8192 16384
32,768 65535 me - firstly 2001 our 44th
bottom 24,000 28 1,048,576 two million
97 thousand one to four million one
hundred four thousand three or four
[Music]
eight million three hundred eighty eight
thousand six hundred eight sixteen
million seven seventy seven thousand
twenty sixteen thirty three million five
hundred fifty four thousand four thirty
two sixty seven million one hurt eight
thousand answers before par thirty four
million one hundred thirty four million
two hundred seventeen thousand seven
hundred eight twenty sixty eight million
four hundred thirty five thousand
456-530 five and thirty seven million no
firemen thirty six million eight hundred
seventy thousand nine hundred twelve
1,073,741,824 oh it doesn't show oh but
I got
you wonder what eleven plus four is I do
as well every night before bed
nothing control about trying to figure
it out we can actually figure it out
okay so you got 11 and then you turn an
advisor you got you could go like this
and then 1 2 3 4 I mean I remember what
you had before
oh yes I'd that okay but then you have
to add all those like that's where you
learned all your math skills trying to
calculate people yeah
what about Meghan she started ignoring
off them keyboards to fit me in chat
that she has a boyfriend or something it
was an Asian guy could have been I
didn't mean anything by agent guy
all right see the Google Fiber areas
closed down hey what if I don't have
internet at home are you guys okay are
you guys okay
the Internet but your net lives here all
the Internet's come out of there I'm
gonna picture you the internet right
it's my son in the Internet I'm gonna
put this on my my ah there you go Phil
I'm opposed to this right up my face
face face face face face face face is
good right oh oh you guys said it here
to pick us up okay cool you can just
watch the stream so go find us wherever
we are
Oh Eli never bet on this one another one
what is this
this is period all right it's the party
SUV wait it is a party you can put the
chairs down that's funny how do we get
members of the opposite sex in here oh
that's a TV
oh we're just for fun for a sec I'm
gonna bump some shit dawg oh maybe gotta
get stuff we gotta get some girls one
time the chat wants girls
yeah but I don't know man Megan she was
talking earlier and girls are kind of
gay yeah girls are gay yeah fuck girls
huh let's just pick up some boys forget
some hot dudes we're all the hard dude
take it out on the Tuesday oh oh cuz she
got the yellow fever right I'm gonna say
yo girl you got the yellow fever I'm
with an Asian yo if you got the Asian
fever no yellow yellow is it bad
you might be funny right might work um
with an Asian half half asian guy whoa I
just got a mean tweet
okay reckful reacts to mean tweets man
what happened to you you're so different
you look a gay architecture student
damn like his tweet and retweet hits
actually that's a good one
okay here we go no but now everyone's
gonna talk shit to me someone else just
liked it and we gonna talk to you to me
to get retweeted this is the only time
there's retweeted BAM there we go okay
now you overthink everything
just tell them they'll get loads of
followers for coming in the party bus
girls will do anything for Instagram
followers yo you want Instagram
followers come on the bus oh man they
get to show all their friends you have a
lot of followers okay I think you guys
need to make me cooler on Instagram I
know my Instagram is like a food
Instagram you all need to follow my
answer gonna make me look cool it's just
a must my Instagram is reckful dot food
okay make me look cool thank you
I'm gonna try to post pictures of myself
to fit in with other Instagram people
but it does feel awkward let's say no
very much I'm gonna Instagram I'm
professional Instagram
here's a picture of you know I'm with my
Bros that anything out
is that good
wait BMX let's go see that whoa hey mind
if we film yo we're streaming that was
cool yeah damn didn't work in front of
me
whoa he's going crazy oh oh he's going
Oh
[Music]
that first guy made funny he basically
said live-streaming by the way as I
walked up he's like ha ha live-streaming
here
well if there's no parties right now
you're feasted I'm gonna peace out all
right that's any time yeah all right
later duck
no it was good chilling well I gotta get
invite Trump yeah you know what I will
I'm gonna call Trump SC from hearthstone
here we go
okay I'm gonna grab his number saved
there it is oops it's like I'm
advertising cigarettes
I actually just stopped because there's
a sign in front of me I would never
advertise cigarettes fuck dude
Oh Oh God
that was so loud I'm sorry if you got
the closest train in case it was very
loud actually you wouldn't hear those
keys here to close it that didn't make
any sense wait Trump responded he said
Paulo I'm playing Dungeons & Dragons
online at the moment
weight and beard guy 2 is hanging out
with pedicab girl
I'm sorry I thought this was America
hmm I did that Marlboro again okay I
actually I'm just texting a happen it'd
be next time Alvaro sign two times I
swear I swear I know everyone's gonna
think that I'm fuckin I'm not sponsored
by mob bro do not fucking smoke
cigarettes I'm not trying to cut fucking
trick you into smoking it by saying not
to I just Jesus I actually I'm not lying
really I was texting I was texting like
fuck okay I was gonna say in the front
but I saw you had some stuff up there
okay there's a joke that joke see this
was in the chair and an iPad over the
iPad wait sponsored again yes my IRL
stream is just full of sponsors I
thought the deal with today was walk by
the Marlboro side and stop twice and
then and then tell them how cigarettes
are bad but that'll make them smoke XD
and then the never see the next deal was
show the water bottle recycle go to the
party oh it's about 11 should we try to
go we might as well right yeah you
remember where it was
wait this party's crazy though and
petite white girls and stuff oh man
they're wondering what the fuck I'm
doing with a stick I got a big stick
dude what is this
oh oh can we get in this we're doing a
livestream wait this is
hey we're the only guys what's happening
what are you studying are we like in the
girl line because there seem to be a lot
of dudes over there what never lucky
there's actually a security guard oh
fuck wait actually we might be too old
are we I don't even look like my ID it's
me though oh but you still got the long
hair buddy
soon
[Laughter]
ya don't have a red wristband on
stopping one of the frat brothers and
put it on you have a death wish
to get inside the blue one if you're
over 21
gentlemen please get tight next to the
fans we've gotta keep the sidewalk
this is ridiculous oh we can't we can't
live see all these people can get in we
can't get in oh my god there's a Bud
Light on the floor how do we get in we
should have stayed with the girls we
should have stayed with the girls in the
girls line that we were talking to and
then got in with them you know wait so
it's a sorority wait really
the fuck wait get us in there wait what
what is crowding me right they can't
fucking see I need a flash they won't
like your girls side maybe you hold the
stick oh yeah it'll work it'll work okay
Katie hello everyone oh my god oh geez
so whenever I like I like put thermistor
I think I'm famous I'm not about I'm
famous cartoon it's crazy I just saw
y'all wait so we're really gonna get it
yes hey can you get them in you think we
could get them in
no just be a blogger go for it she's my
baby I thought we were chilling she was
all down to go sit in there already in
never lucky I'm gonna sit on the curb
and be sad I'm too old to go to the
party if I were a hot girl with this
stick I would have been in man you don't
help us yoni could totally get in with
the stick oh my god you don't even get
in every time I just thought about it
this is like he just rolls up she has
the biggest boobs there
she's already winning I always thought
that I would you know maybe one day be
cool and then be able to do all the
things I couldn't do when I was younger
but I still can't it's just like with
that you just need to know that right
whoa wait where we parked
oh no we were just like aimlessly
walking trying to find out where we
belong oh we're party let's do burr to
the fucking parking dude I'm gonna wait
I just realized something if you get a
longer face he looked like Quentin
Tarantino I get that and wait I guess
can you make could you touch sticker
shit out make your chin longer
okay okay hold on look look do this post
little tilted up
[Laughter]
sponsored by cigarettes the stream is
not sponsored by cigarettes oh yeah
Lana did oh we're all leaving the party
she was willing for you guys Jesus again
what the fuck
okay how long y'all in Austin I I work
for
I can't say who I work for actually I
know I travel I might move days in the
CIA did sure man okay well my you're
already telling too much I guess I had
to say it did I mean it that means I
said too much to me my parents are very
close so I heard through like the
grapevine that my parents thought I was
in the Mafia or something they thought I
was driving her game yeah I was like or
they just thought they just thought I
was in some sort of game I was like how
in the world am i am in associated with
the game now
they made it made it into the game I
just signed to finally been into Yakuza
that's like pies I'm dragging tattoos
like my mom probably half Korean not
half Japanese sir no west coast thanks
would you come with me to the Dominican
Republic well I have I could choose any
country right in the world it's hard and
then I end up not picking anything but I
should just keep traveling troubling was
the best I've been stationary for too
long it's been two weeks in the same
city I love you all and good night
hi Eli wait turn the light on all right